[documentation] updates to prepare to single source this into the documentation site (#304)
DataDog/datadog-serverless-functions: aws/logs_monitoring/README.md

# Datadog Forwarder

The Datadog Forwarder is an AWS Lambda function that ships logs, custom metrics, and traces from your environment to Datadog. The Forwarder can:

- Forward CloudWatch, ELB, S3, CloudTrail, VPC and CloudFront logs to Datadog
- Forward S3 events to Datadog
- Forward Kinesis data stream events to Datadog (only CloudWatch logs are supported)
- Forward custom metrics from AWS Lambda functions using CloudWatch logs
- Forward traces from AWS Lambda functions using CloudWatch logs
- Generate and submit enhanced Lambda metrics (`aws.lambda.enhanced.*`) parsed from the AWS REPORT log: duration, billed_duration, max_memory_used, timeouts, out_of_memory, and estimated_cost

## Installation

> Datadog reccomends using [CloudFormation](#cloudformation) to install. You can also install using [Terraform](#terraform) or [manually](#manually).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends using [CloudFormation](#cloudformation) to automatically install the Forwarder. You can also complete the setup process using [Terraform](#terraform) or [manually](#manually).
```

1. Log into your admin AWS account/role and deploy the CloudFormation Stack with the button above.
2. Fill in `DdApiKey` and select the appropriate `DdSite`. All other parameters are optional.
3. Click **Create stack**, and wait for the creation to complete.
4. Find the installed forwarder Lambda function under the stack's "Resources" tab with logical ID `Forwarder`.
5. Set up triggers to the installed Forwarder either [automatically](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/amazon_web_services/?tab=allpermissions#automatically-setup-triggers) or [manually](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/amazon_web_services/?tab=allpermissions#manually-setup-triggers).
6. Repeat the above steps in another region if you operate in multiple AWS regions.

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Terraform" xxx -->

### Terraform

Install the Forwarder using the Terraform resource [aws_cloudformation_stack](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/cloudformation_stack.html) as a wrapper on top of the provided CloudFormation template. 

> Datadog reccomends creating two separate Terraform configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends creating two separate Terraform configurations:
```
